Add Micrometer features to Observability example (#151)
apache/camel-quarkus-examples: observability/README.adoc

TIP: Please refer to the Development mode section of
https://camel.apache.org/camel-quarkus/latest/first-steps.html#_development_mode[Camel Quarkus User guide] for more details.

=== How to enable metrics

> To enable observability features in Camel, we need to add some additional dependencies to the project's pom.xml file.

Reviewer: Also, here, use Camel Quarkus. I think it's better to avoid confusion (it's a bit different to enable that on Camel Core).

The most important one (see link:pom.xml#L97-L100[pom.xml]):

[source, xml]
----
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.apache.camel.quarkus</groupId>
    <artifactId>camel-quarkus-micrometer</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

> After adding this dependency, you can benefit from both https://camel.apache.org/components/3.20.x/micrometer-component.html[Camel Micrometer] and https://quarkus.io/guides/micrometer[Quarkus Micrometer] worlds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After adding this dependency, you can benefit from both https://camel.apache.org/components/next/micrometer-component.html[Camel Micrometer] and https://quarkus.io/guides/micrometer[Quarkus Micrometer] worlds.
```

> We are able to use multiple ways how to achieve create meters for our custom metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are able to use multiple ways to create meters for our custom metrics.
```

Second approach is to benefit from auto-injected `MeterRegistry` (see link:src/main/java/org/acme/observability/Routes.java#L28[injection]) and use it directly (see link:src/main/java/org/acme/observability/Routes.java#L36[registry call]):

[source, java]
----
registry.counter("org.acme.observability.greeting", "type", "events", "purpose", "example").increment();
----

which will count each call to `from("platform-http:/greeting")` endpoint.

Finally last approach is to use Micrometer annotations (see https://quarkus.io/guides/micrometer#does-micrometer-support-annotations[which] are supported by Quarkus) by defining bean link:src/main/java/org/acme/observability/micrometer/TimerCounter.java[TimerCounter.java] as follows:

[source, java]
----
@ApplicationScoped
@Named("timerCounter")
public class TimerCounter {

    @Counted(value = "org.acme.observability.timer-counter", extraTags = { "purpose", "example" })
    public void count() {
    }
}
----

and invoking it from Camel via (see link:src/main/java/org/acme/observability/TimerRoute.java[TimerRoute.java]):

[source, java]
----
.bean("timerCounter", "count")
----

> It will count each timer fire.

Reviewer: Maybe you can rephrase it as: "It will count each time the timer is fired?"
